Vignette documentation (#116)
cmu-delphi/covidcast: R-packages/covidcast/vignettes/covidcast.Rmd

                         subdir = "R-packages/covidcast")
```

> Building vignettes takes a substantial amount of time, so they are not included
> by default. If you wish to include vignettes, use this modified command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building the vignettes, such as this Getting Started guide, takes a substantial amount of time. They are not included
in the package by default. If you wish to include vignettes, use this modified command:
```

with appropriate line-wrapping applied

Author: I tested the command locally and was able to build the vignettes. Phrasing has been updated.
